---
title: MCR Video Teardown ({{ date | date('dddd, MMMM Do') }})
assignees: recc-tech
---

- [ ] Stop the broadcast on BoxCast and in vMix.
- [ ] Create "markers" (indices) for the video. See the [list of video markers](https://github.com/recc-tech/tech/wiki/Video-Markers) on the wiki.
- [ ] Create a new event for each rebroadcast. See the guide for [creating rebroadcasts on BoxCast](https://github.com/recc-tech/tech/wiki/Creating-Rebroadcasts-on-BoxCast)
- Bring back the laptops to the MCR and check for updates.
    - [ ] Check for updates on the visuals computer.
    - [ ] Check for updates on the sound computer.
    - [ ] Go to the Annex, put away the TV, and bring back the laptop and charger.
    - [ ] Bring the teleprompter laptop back to the MCR.
    - [ ] Check for updates on the kids laptop.
    - [ ] Check for updates on the teleprompter laptop.
- Upload the recording to Vimeo.
    - [ ] On BoxCast, export the video to Vimeo. On the live event page, go to Download or Export Recording > Vimeo.
    - [ ] Once the video appears in Vimeo, rename it to `YYYY-MM-DD | Series | Title`, where `YYYY-MM-DD` is today's date, `Series` is the message series, and `Title` is the title of today's message.
- Generate, edit, and publish captions.
    - [ ] On BoxCast, press the button to start generating captions (if it hasn't already started).
    - [ ] Once the captions are ready, correct the low-confidence cues on BoxCast _and publish them_. It would be nice to include foreign-language text (e.g., French), but it's not necessary.
        > :warning: :warning: Very Important :warning: :warning:
        >
        > Don't forget to publish the captions before leaving the page. Your changes will not be saved if you leave before publishing.
    - [ ] Remove captions during worship.
    - [ ] Upload the captions to BoxCast.
    - [ ] Upload the captions to Vimeo.
    - [ ] On Vimeo, check that our captions are enabled and that the autogenerated captions are disabled.
- Turn everything off.
    - [ ] Save the vMix preset and turn off vMix.
    - [ ] Turn off both monitors.
    - [ ] Turn off the NDI controller.
    - [ ] Turn off camera 4 (the camera on the tripod).
